the Israeli military is continuing to
pound Gaza bombing Central and Southern
areas of the territory at least eight
people have been killed and dozens
injured after an Israeli strike targeted
dear albala it brings the death toll
since October the 7th to more than
22,800 people let's go to our
correspondent hany Mahmud who is in Rafa
in southern Gaza hany more deadly
strikes overnight talk us through all
the latest
developments
yes M well so far all Knights are the
same they are defined by more death and
destruction but as of overnight and
early hours of this morning what we're
seeing is not only people are killed
inside their homes but the intensity and
the scale and and the the large
magnitude of air strikes and artillery
shooting prevented preventing uh
paramedics and ambulance and civil
defensive crew of inter Ving it properly
and carrying uh people injuries into
hospitals and they are Liv in the
targeted areas for hours to bleed uh to
the point that they are unable or they
are just losing uh their life this is
the new reality and The New Normal in
these and this ongoing war on on
civilians in the Gaza Strip but in an
area that's that has been under heavy
bombardment for more than 2 weeks now
and since the beginning of expansion of
the military operations by Israeli
military the area turned into a war zone
a literally a war an aggressive war zone
with more than half of the population of
the Central Area are forced out of their
homes and those who are still there and
cannot find a place to go to are shot at
by those quad capters hovering at the
low levels of the Skies of the central
area and those who manag to go to darel
B had designated safe area for them are
also being targeted within hours of
their arrival
we're talking about at least 18 people
being killed in ra sorry in City all
rushed to alaka hospital with tens of
other critically injured uh reported to
alaka hospital but with the the extreme
shortage of of medical supplies and
insufficient intervention as of now
giving the uh the the the the
destructive the destruction of health
facility the hospital is unable to
provide the necessary medical inter
vention to save those who might be able
to be uh to be saved similar situations
are are happening in Han un and where
most of the fighting is taking in place
and based on different uh Israeli
military statements that the the war in
Khan unit is expanded it's covering more
areas uh but on the ground what we're
seeing is just more residential blocks
and areas been targetting including
public facilities and this time what
we're looking at is a systematic
destruction of not only Health
Facilities but also schools and
education uh facilities in what seems to
be an intention just to set back the the
entire Gaza Strip the entire Society set
it back economically and socially for
years uh for years to come and there is
an estimation of at least under best
circumstances of 10 years of rebuilding
the education sector here and it will
take not only time but also hundred of
millions of dollars just to put students
back into uh into the education uh
facilities uh in the future the
situations are getting really difficult
particularly at the announcement of
entering the third uh period or the
third stage of this ongoing genocidal
War honey thank you so much for that
update hany mahm there for us in Rafa in
southern Gaza